README.md, before:

![ROS Logo](http://www.ros.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/rosorg-logo1.png)

# ROS on Windows build system

For more information, visit https://aka.ms/ros.

# Latest Releases

| ROS Distribution Name | Latest Build Version |
|-----|-----|
| ROS Melodic Morenia | [![ros-melodic-desktop_full package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/52eeb664-5f61-43bb-ab4d-f94887ea7ea2/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=52eeb664-5f61-43bb-ab4d-f94887ea7ea2&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS Noetic Ninjemys | [![ros-noetic-desktop_full package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/37273869-bc27-40bb-9cc0-e29d5a2d874d/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=37273869-bc27-40bb-9cc0-e29d5a2d874d&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS 2 Dashing Diademata | [![ros-dashing-desktop package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/4be3a571-c9bf-4efc-9cf3-e9d70ac163bf/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=4be3a571-c9bf-4efc-9cf3-e9d70ac163bf&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS 2 Eloquent Elusor | [![ros-eloquent-desktop package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/720f32e1-9020-4f87-952d-87686170ba20/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=720f32e1-9020-4f87-952d-87686170ba20&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS 2 Foxy Fitzroy | [![ros-foxy-desktop package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/f6fb7610-481d-4eae-a947-c71a624c9e34/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=f6fb7610-481d-4eae-a947-c71a624c9e34&preferRelease=true) |

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Doc for new distro bootstrap. (#189)
* Doc for new distro bootstrap.

* Adding the ROS 2 Rolling badge.

README.md, after:

![ROS Logo](http://www.ros.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/rosorg-logo1.png)

# ROS on Windows build system

For more information, visit https://aka.ms/ros.

# Latest Releases

| ROS Distribution Name | Latest Build Version |
|-----|-----|
| ROS Melodic Morenia | [![ros-melodic-desktop_full package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/52eeb664-5f61-43bb-ab4d-f94887ea7ea2/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=52eeb664-5f61-43bb-ab4d-f94887ea7ea2&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS Noetic Ninjemys | [![ros-noetic-desktop_full package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/37273869-bc27-40bb-9cc0-e29d5a2d874d/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=37273869-bc27-40bb-9cc0-e29d5a2d874d&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS 2 Dashing Diademata | [![ros-dashing-desktop package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/4be3a571-c9bf-4efc-9cf3-e9d70ac163bf/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=4be3a571-c9bf-4efc-9cf3-e9d70ac163bf&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS 2 Eloquent Elusor | [![ros-eloquent-desktop package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/720f32e1-9020-4f87-952d-87686170ba20/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=720f32e1-9020-4f87-952d-87686170ba20&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS 2 Foxy Fitzroy | [![ros-foxy-desktop package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/f6fb7610-481d-4eae-a947-c71a624c9e34/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=f6fb7610-481d-4eae-a947-c71a624c9e34&preferRelease=true) |
| ROS 2 Rolling Ridley | [![ros-rolling-desktop package in public feed in Azure Artifacts](https://ros-win.feeds.visualstudio.com/bed058dd-46da-4029-bb85-25eae7674d09/_apis/public/Packaging/Feeds/970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea/Packages/81ad641f-eec5-4c8f-bc21-6dad7f8f21b6/Badge)](https://ros-win.visualstudio.com/ros-win/_packaging?_a=package&feed=970b9238-92b2-4bab-8448-2650b58df9ea&package=81ad641f-eec5-4c8f-bc21-6dad7f8f21b6&preferRelease=true) |

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
